hi everybody
Indiana caver here in a nice snowy day
in central Indiana doing a little
vehicle maintenance it's time to change
the filter on my truck
and instead of buying a twenty dollar
replacement filter that I'll have to
replace again twelve thousand miles or
so I went ahead stepped up and got a
forty dollar K&N high-flow air filter
this is a lifetime filter for the truck
it's a limited warranty for the lifetime
of the truck you basically just take it
out wash it and put it back in so I'm
going to swap this out today and we'll
take a look in the difference between
the two of them all right
I've already got my four screws to hold
my air box together loosened up so I
just need to reach in here take the old
filter out
so here's the old filter this filter
actually fits four or five different
varieties of truck and truck engines so
it's sort of a generic filter and not
very specific to this particular model
so you'll see a pretty big difference
when I take out the K&N filter so
there's definitely a difference in the
width and the depth of the filter this
filter is pretty tight and compact I
mean I can see where you sort of really
have to force the air to get through it
this K&N filter actually increases your
horsepower gas mileage and things along
with that the filters a lot more wider
and a lot better material so this cost
forty dollars and actually I think it
cost forty seven dollars and this cost
about twenty dollars so over the course
of just three filter replacements for a
normal one I'm going to pay for the
staples out of here so and now all we
really have to do is slide this one back
in place then I'll tighten the screws
back down and be ready to go in the box
with a filter they also include a couple
of stickers this one now you could put
on the back your car if you want or if
you have a race card put on there this
one no it's pretty important I suppose
stop do not disregard this is a lifetime
air filter so take your car in for an
oil change you can
Cheerilee they don't throw your filter
out and charge it for new it all right
there we go I get in the house I'll
register online for my warranty and I'll
have a lifetime filter that's it it's
pretty easy to do kanan also fills cells
full filter body attachments to replace
this whole thing and actually increases
your horsepower a lot more as well so
our website is KN filter common leads so
if you're interested you can go check
them out and if you do the McMath it's
well worth the investment
hi